Add docs about sync invokes and unregistered providers. (#1852)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/troubleshooting/_index.md

For the Traefik controller, verify that the `kubernetes.ingressEndpoint` config
is [set properly](https://docs.traefik.io/providers/kubernetes-ingress/). This option was
introduced in Traefik 1.7.0.

## Synchronous call was made to "X" with an unregistered Provider. {#synchronous-call}

The warning occurs when making a 'data source' call in Pulumi in a synchronous fashion and passing along a ProivderResource that has not been registered. For example:

```ts
const provider = new aws.Provider(...);

// A call to some provider's `getXXX` data source function.
const ids = aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { provider });

// or

const parent = new SomeResource("name", { provider });
const ids = aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { parent });
```

> This warning may be benign. However, if you are experiencing crashes or hangs in Pulumi (especially above Node.js 12) and you see this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This warning may be benign. However, if you are experiencing crashes or hangs in Pulumi (especially in Node.js version 12.0 and above) and you see this
```

### Invoking the data-source function asynchronously:

```ts
const ids = await aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { provider, async: true }); // or
const ids = await aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { parent, async: true });
```

In this form, the `async: true` flag is passed in which forces `getSubnetIds` to always execute asynchronously.  Because of this, the 
result of the call will only be a `Promise` and the calling code will need to either `await` it or call `.then(...)` on it to get the
underlying value returned.

### Registering the provider first:

```ts
const provider = new aws.Provider(...);
await ProviderResource.register(provider);

const ids = await aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { provider }); // or
const ids = await aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { parent });
```

In this form, the ProviderResource is explicitly registered first, allowin it to be safely used *synchronously* in the data-source
calls. This registration should generally be done right after creating the provider. With this form the data-source results can be used immediately, without needing to operate on them as promises (i.e. no need for `await` or
`.then(...)`).

> ### Compat

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Compatability
```

```ts
const provider = new aws.Provider(...);

// A call to some provider's `getXXX` data source function.
const ids = aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { provider });

// or

const parent = new SomeResource("name", { provider });
const ids = aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { parent });
```

This warning may be benign. However, if you are experiencing crashes or hangs in Pulumi (especially in Node.js version 12.0 and above)
and you see this warning, then it is likely that this is the source.

Currently, a warning is issued so as to not break existing code that is functionality properly. In a future version, Pulumi *may* be
updated to throw instead of producing a warning when this happens.  It is recommended that Pulumi apps be updated to prevent breakage
in the future.

To address the issue update your app to use one of the following forms:

### Invoke the data-source function asynchronously:

```ts
const ids = pulumi.output(aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { provider, async: true })); // or
const ids = pulumi.output(aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { parent, async: true }));
```

> This is the preferred way to solve this issu. In this form, the `async: true` flag is passed in which forces `getSubnetIds` to always

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is the preferred way to solve this issue. In this form, the `async: true` flag is passed in which forces `getSubnetIds` to always
```

execute asynchronously.  Because of this, the result of the call is wrapped into an `Output` to allow it to be easily passed around and
to make it [simple to access properties](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/concepts/programming-model/#lifting) off of it.

> Sometimes, however, the above is not possible because the call the data-source happens a deeper layer (possibly in a component not under your control).  In that case:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sometimes, however, the above is not possible because the call to the data-source happens a deeper layer (possibly in a component not under your control).  In that case:
```

### Register the provider first:

```ts
const provider = new aws.Provider(...);
await ProviderResource.register(provider);

> const ids = await aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { provider }); // or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const ids = aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { provider }); // or
```

> const ids = await aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { parent });

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const ids = aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { parent });
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure this line makes sense in this example - as they connection between the code which creates `provider` and registers and the call to the data source is not clear - you would kind of have to show the component boundary in between - but that isn't really critical to the example.  Can probably just leave this off?

```

> In this form, the ProviderResource is explicitly registered first, allowin it to be safely used *synchronously* in the data-source

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this form, the ProviderResource is explicitly registered first, allowing it to be safely used *synchronously* in the data-source
```

calls. This registration should generally be done right after creating the provider. With this form the data-source results can be used immediately, without needing to operate on them as promises (i.e. no need for `await` or
`.then(...)`).

> This approach can always safely make it possible to perform these synchronous data-source calls.  However, it may come with significant

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This approach can always safely make it possible to perform these synchronous data-source calls.  However, it may require refactoring some code
```

> additional complexity due to the need to potentially use `async/await` code in areas of a program that are currently synchronous.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
due to the need to potentially use `async/await` code in areas of a program that are currently synchronous.
```

For the Traefik controller, verify that the `kubernetes.ingressEndpoint` config
is [set properly](https://docs.traefik.io/providers/kubernetes-ingress/). This option was
introduced in Traefik 1.7.0.

> ## Synchronous call was made to "X" with an unregistered Provider. {#synchronous-call}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Synchronous call was made to "X" with an unregistered Provider {#synchronous-call}
```

> The warning occurs when making a 'data source' call in Pulumi in a synchronous fashion and passing along a ProivderResource that has not been registered. For example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The warning occurs when invoking a resource function synchronously while also passing [an explicit provider object](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/concepts/programming-model/#providers) that isn't yet ready to use. For example:
```

```ts
const provider = new aws.Provider(...);

// A call to some provider's `getXXX` data source function.
const ids = aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { provider });

// or

const parent = new SomeResource("name", { provider });
const ids = aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { parent });
```

> This warning may be benign. However, if you are experiencing crashes or hangs in Pulumi (especially in Node.js version 12.0 and above)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This warning may be benign. However, if you are experiencing crashes or hangs in Pulumi (especially in Node.js version 12.11.0 and above)
```

^^^ isn't this when it technically began? Being precise here will help with searchability.

and you see this warning, then it is likely that this is the source.

Currently, a warning is issued so as to not break existing code that is functionality properly. In a future version, Pulumi *may* be

> updated to throw instead of producing a warning when this happens.  It is recommended that Pulumi apps be updated to prevent breakage

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
updated to throw instead of producing a warning when this happens. As such, we recommend updating your code.
```

> in the future.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

To address the issue update your app to use one of the following forms:

### Invoke the data-source function asynchronously:

```ts
const ids = pulumi.output(aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { provider, async: true })); // or
const ids = pulumi.output(aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { parent, async: true }));
```

This is the preferred way to solve this issue. In this form, the `async: true` flag is passed in which forces `getSubnetIds` to always
execute asynchronously.  Because of this, the result of the call is wrapped into an `Output` to allow it to be easily passed around and
to make it [simple to access properties](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/concepts/programming-model/#lifting) off of it.

Sometimes, however, the above is not possible because the call to the data-source happens a deeper layer (possibly in a component not under your control).  In that case:

> ### Register the provider first:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Register the provider first
```

For the Traefik controller, verify that the `kubernetes.ingressEndpoint` config
is [set properly](https://docs.traefik.io/providers/kubernetes-ingress/). This option was
introduced in Traefik 1.7.0.

## Synchronous call made to "X" with an unregistered provider {#synchronous-call}

> The warning occurs when invoking a resource function synchronously while also using

Reviewer 4: Let's standardize on "resource function" or "data source" (and not "data-source"). I don't have a strong opinion on which we choose.

Author: Done.

const ids = aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { parent });
```

This warning may be benign. However, if you are experiencing crashes or hangs in Pulumi (especially in Node.js version 12.11.0 and
above) and you see this warning, then it is likely that this is the source.

Currently, a warning is issued so as to not break existing code that is functionality properly. However, the root cause of this problem
pertains to undefined behavior in the Node.js runtime, so apparently-working code today may begin crashing or hanging tomorrow. As such,
we recommend updating your code In a future version, Pulumi *may* be updated to throw instead of producing a warning when this happens.
It is recommended that Pulumi apps be updated to prevent breakage.

To address the issue update your app to use one of the following forms:

### Invoke the data-source function asynchronously

```ts
const ids = pulumi.output(aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { provider, async: true })); // or
const ids = pulumi.output(aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { parent, async: true }));
```

This is the preferred way to solve this issue. In this form, the `async: true` flag is passed in which forces `getSubnetIds` to always

> execute asynchronously.  Because of this, the result of the call is wrapped into an `Output` to allow it to be easily passed around and

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
execute asynchronously.  The result of the call is then wrapped into an `Output` so it can easily be passed as a resource input and
```

to make it [simple to access properties](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/concepts/programming-model/#lifting) off of it.

> Sometimes, however, the above is not possible because the call to the data-source happens a deeper layer (possibly in a component not

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Sometimes, however, this approach is not possible because the call to the data-source happens a deeper layer (possibly in a component not
```

> under your control).  In that case, we recommend the following solution:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
under your control).  In that case, we recommend the solution in the next section:
```

### Register the provider first

```ts
const provider = new aws.Provider(...);
await ProviderResource.register(provider);

// later on

const ids = aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { provider }); // or
const ids = aws.ec2.getSubnetIds(..., { parent });
```

In this form, the ProviderResource is explicitly registered first, allowing it to be safely used *synchronously* in the data-source

> calls. This registration should generally be done right after creating the provider. With this form the data-source results can be 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
calls. This registration should generally be done immediately after creating the provider. With this form the data-source results can be 
```

used immediately, without needing to operate on them as promises (i.e. no need for `await` or `.then(...)`).

> This approach can always safely make it possible to perform these synchronous data-source calls.  However, it may require refactoring

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This approach makes it possible to safely perform these data-source calls synchronously.  However, it may require refactoring
```
